[OSDOCS-5697] added decprecation to ROSA what's new (#59485)
openshift/openshift-docs: rosa_release_notes/rosa-release-notes.adoc

== Deprecated and removed features
Some features available in previous releases have been deprecated or removed. Deprecated functionality is still included in ROSA and continues to be supported; however, it will be removed in a future release of this product and is not recommended for new deployments.

* **ROSA non-STS deployment mode.** ROSA non-STS deployment mode is no longer the preferred method for new clusters. Instead, users must deploy ROSA with the STS mode. This deprecation is in line with our new ROSA provisioning wizard UI experience at https://console.redhat.com/openshift/create/rosa/wizard.

> * **Core namespace label change.** ROSA is no longer labeling OpenShift core namespaces with the `name` label. Customers can migrate to using the `kubernetes.io/metadata.name` label when labeling core namespaces.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **Label removal on core namespaces.** ROSA is no longer labeling OpenShift core namespaces using the `name` label. Customers should migrate to referencing the `kubernetes.io/metadata.name` label if needed for Network Policies or other use cases.
```

Author: Changes made, thanks @wgordon17 !
